welcome back guys today we're going to
take a look at 2019 horror film called
yummy the starting scene shows us a dark
monetary where the doctors slide a
patient in the incinerator but it's
revealed that the person still has some
life left in her as they leave her in
the furnace the cleaner at the place
senses something he nears a block to
hear some sounds inside he opens it to
save the patient when suddenly a
blistered hand emerges from the
incinerator and grabs the guy's face and
burns it after the introduction the
movie now shifts to the road where a
girl is traveling with her mother and
boyfriend in a car
on the side some guys in a bus start to
notice the girl's hefty breasts
gradually all of them gather around the
window and start harassing her due to
her size the girl uncomfortably covers
them up and her boyfriend moves the car
during their journey the girl's mother
gets out to pee while inside the couple
talks about the girl's breast reductions
her boyfriend assures her she's just
fine like she is but the girl allison
insists she wants a smaller size in the
meantime her mother arrives and continue
her journey but they hit something on
the way upon getting out they see the
carcass and try to kill the animal to
end his misery but a car runs it over
and the blood splashes on allison's
boyfriend he instantly throws up due to
the blood nevertheless they continue the
journey to the clinic upon reaching the
address they find the facility pretty
run down the doctor greets them and
takes them inside while assigning the
task to the guy named daniel a lady
doctor takes them inside where michael
gets another attack of hermophobia upon
looking at the bloody cheeks alison's
mother sylvia mocks him for dropping out
of the medical school due to the reason
where as alison tries to defend him in
the meantime a doctor inspects a guy's
reproductive part and states that he's
recovering well moreover we get to know
he's a celebrity named william mayer
disguised as alfred the doctor assures
him that he shouldn't worry about that
at all on the other hand the lady doctor
guides the group to meet doctor
kronzwick he greets them and another
ladies introduced named oksana who's
here for tattoo removal dr kranzwick
leads them to another room where he
starts to feel alison's breasts and
gropes them from every angle as the
awkwardness rises allison states that
she wants a b size and a proper
reduction
later alison and michael talk outside
where daniel joins them and gets
astounded by knowing allison's purpose
here he starts admiring her body and
lashes comments to mock michael
meanwhile he takes out a ring from his
pocket and puts it back inside on the
other hand sylvia is having her surgery
and alison is next on the list michael
gets nervous as the doctors don't even
consider her blood type or any other
preliminary tests his suspicion rises as
he sees the surgeon drinking coffee in
the ot he raises the commotion in order
to get his answers but the doctors get
him taken away by daniel while alison
goes inside as michael accompanies
daniel he gets to know that daniel's a
travel agent here but the best part is
the girls who feel all yummy after
procedures and they need consolation and
that's where his role comes in
in the meantime allison is taken to the
ot where she couldn't find dr kraswick
and gets worried the doctors are sure
that they know what they're doing on the
other hand daniel takes michael through
the dim lit restricted areas of the
hospital and gets him to wait outside
meanwhile he goes inside and looks for
drugs
in the interim michael slides to another
room where we find a naked woman
strapped to the bed it seems like she
has difficulty breathing to relieve her
of her pain michael takes off the mask
from her face but horror strikes him
dead in the face as a hideously bloody
mouth is revealed underneath the woman
starts screeching violently and just
then daniel comes in and guides michael
to run away as he himself didn't know
about this
afterwards michael runs to the ot and
tries to stop allison's procedure
everyone gets irritated but michael gets
aggressive when suddenly a needle is
injected into his hand the serum sedates
him and he's knocked out meanwhile the
cctv shows us the zombie girl crawling
down the hall the next scene shows us
michael waking up strapped to a bed the
lady doctor comes in and michael pleads
to be released as he's totally calm now
the doctors order a nurse to let him
free and just as he's released he's
returned back to the ot to stop the
procedure the staff and surgeon get
frustrated and leave the theater and
alison gets annoyed by his recurrent
intrusions nevertheless michael makes
their leave and as they get out they win
as everyone else escaping the area the
scene shows patients being taken out
hurriedly while the staff tries to keep
them calm suddenly william appears in
the crowd and states that he just saw a
man eating a man nobody believes him
when suddenly screams and shrieks start
to arise that causes unrest and suddenly
the doors get breached by the zombies
the situation gets worse than ever and
stampede occurs as everyone runs down
the stairs while zombies emerge from
various areas
the scene now shifts to alison who
insists upon looking for her mother the
search for her takes them to a hall
where a girl is escaping for her life
they move ahead to witness the horror
where a zombie is feeding on a pregnant
woman's internals michael almost gets
passed out but allison urges him to stay
conscious menacingly the zombies crawl
across the floor to follow them into
another room where michael tries to push
him away by a stick but accidentally
electrocutes himself
everything now comes down to allison who
manages to push a cabinet into the
bloodthirsty zombie and pins him to a
wall suddenly upon turning she finds her
boyfriend bleeding out from the head
while being unconscious amidst the tears
alison leaves in there and runs for her
life with the monster right on her tail
allison bursts into an ot where the
monster follows her and attacks the
doctors the situation escalates as more
zombies burst into the room and rage
hell on everyone in the meantime a
patient's stomach starts to fill up with
fat until it bursts and smudges the room
with internals the scenario now shifts
to william who runs into the kitchen and
comes across oxana who's scared to death
william tries to comfort her as she
agrees to help keep his presence here
confidential the cctv now shows halls
lingering with the half-dead while
allison runs in the corridors to come
across a patient with chemical skin
peeling issue her face is burning as she
pleads for help although terrified of
the bone alison agrees to help and they
run to the kitchen where william doesn't
open the door with no choice left the
woman runs away and alison follows her
to come across her mother resting in a
room but upon several slaps and tries
sylvia doesn't wake up so alison changes
into normal clothes grabs her bed and
drags it out into the hall
in the meantime the camera shows us
daniel dazed off after taking the drugs
on the other hand allison comes across a
grotesque half-cut zombie feeding on its
own gruesome internals suddenly the
monster spots them and starts chasing
them alison runs away and breaks into
daniel's room the zombie follows them
and bites sylvia's leg but daniel
smashes his head into a pulp with a fire
extinguisher back in the kitchen oksana
expresses her desire to have intercourse
before dying and that makes her go down
on william but he's reluctant due to his
recent penis enlargement surgery
nevertheless he agrees while taking off
his bandages from the junior the camera
then shifts to michael who miraculously
wakes up to find everything in a haze
the extensive blood loss makes his
vision dizzy as he walks through an orgy
of blood and gore all around the halls
in the interim we see that william has
finished and goes to wash himself up
from the tap but the boiling water burns
his junior he squirms in agony as oxana
suddenly comes with a gel william tries
to read the prescription on the tube in
the light of a matchstick when suddenly
it gets dropped and william's weiner is
a flame he shrieks around hysterically
as flames extend from his main point
oksana returns with a fire extinguisher
and douses his pp but horrifically his
wiener falls off into two
burning in anger william grabs a knife
and goes outside where he is ravaged by
the zombies
on the other hand michael strolls into a
lab of specimens where the blood falls
in one of the jars and michael
accidentally topples it over
the glass breaks and a zombie reptile
crawls out michael gets scared and runs
away into the hall where he meets dr
kraswick holding an axe and the lady
doctor he's safe while they prepare to
escape
in the meantime daniel carries sylvia
and they come across a hall flooded with
zombies so they change their course and
enter a room where the surgeon gives
them refuge he treats sylvia's wombs
while daniel breaks the telephone while
trying to call for help
in the meantime michael and the others
wander across the hall where suddenly
daniel knocks him out of the blue he's
taken inside where he wakes up to find
allison's face right in front of him
both of them hug each other and now
everyone comes to discuss sylvia's
degrading situation she insists that
she's fine but the doctors indicate that
she's turning therefore kraswick tries
to kill her with an axe but sylvia spits
blood on his face the lady doctor janja
silently watches the rest of them stop
the doctor from the madness and he
finally states he needs to go to the
pharmacy to devise a vaccine therefore
they move on and pass zombies on the way
the surgeon named yonah gets attacked by
a zombie reptile on the stairs and he
kicks it downstairs where it falls on
the zombies and their attention is
diverted but the group finally make it
up to the pharmacy where michael blocks
a doorway and they tie sylvia to a chair
the doctors try to formulate and eject
sylvia but her situation gets worse they
try several other things but nothing
works alas kronzwig admits they were
experimenting for an age stop on the
patient and somehow one contaminated
patient escaped and caused all the
trouble as he's explaining janja
suddenly kills him with the axe and
states that he was infected already
afterwards they try to devise another
solution but sylvia bites a chunk off
yonah's arm and he proceeds to amputate
himself in the chopper in a gruesome
turn of events his arm is shredded to
pieces the focus shifts back to sylvia
whose situation gets worse with no
choice left alison arrives forward and
kills her own zombie mother tears flood
her face after the grotesque killing and
instead of michael daniel holds her
clothes and comforts her in the interim
zombies are on the verge to break in and
the group tries to escape but the door
is shut
to burst it open michael formulates an
explosive but alison simply opens the
door with a slide they escape to the
roof whereas michael gets attacked by
the nude zombie girl he straps the
explosives on her body and impales her
with the chair and escapes out the roof
on the roof everyone crosses the ledge
to the other side but yonah loses his
balance and falls down dozens of feet to
be a crumpled mess of flesh and broken
bones the rest of them continue in
distress
downstairs as janja takes off her dress
daniel comes along and tells her that
he's aware that she's the perpetrator of
the experiment she inquires about the
bribe for confidentiality but daniel
walks away to meet allison who's
extremely traumatized the guy holds her
in his arms to console her while michael
catches them in the act but leaves the
bee afterwards they proceed to a
wreaking trash chute and michael offers
to be the first one to go down but he
bursts vomit all over as the sinuses
catches the stink nevertheless he drops
down and everyone follows but before
going daniel asks for his 50 000 from
janja in return for confidentiality she
agrees and they go down the chute
upon advancing they come across another
zombie who's hungrily waiting for oksana
all of them gather around and kill the
zombie while oxana safely comes down in
the interim janja goes to a side room to
find a zombie there and suddenly tricks
daniel to arrive there and uses the
zombie to get him infected and raised
furious he murders janja and hides his
wound soon they advance and oxana climbs
out of the basement out in the open
where the security forces surround the
facility but instead of helping her they
rain bullets on her and gets known that
they're removing every bit of
contamination with no choice left the
three of them look for another way and
get chased by the zombies michael gets
bitten by the reptile but he smashes it
to a pulp moving on they escape in the
sewers which are also lined by zombies
as they find out about michael's
infection he pulls out a ring for
allison but she rudely rejects him by
staying in a sewer and runs away after
daniel running on they come across a
manhole which alison tries to open but
her fingers get crushed by a military
vehicle driving over it as she cries in
pain daniel runs away and she apologizes
to michael for forcing them to come here
ignoring her statements michael takes
out his spectacle glasses to cut her
fingers in excruciating pain allison's
fingers get amputated and they run off
again
at the end they finally find a safe
manhole and alison climbs out down in
the tunnel daniel assures that he'll
take care of allison and moves out
leaving michael as he's infected up on
the ground daniel reassures alison while
michael gets attacked by a zombified
william struggling with him he kills
william with his own ribs and takes out
his intestine to use it as a rope to
climb out but daniel closes the lid
before letting michael know he's
infected as well
helpless and devastated michael fights
with zombies while as alison and daniel
escape away in the car after escaping
the premises allison asks daniel to
drive the car but she realizes that he's
infected too she gets scared and asks
him to leave at once but he climbs over
and starts to abuse her he gropes on her
breasts hungrily but she plunges a
screwdriver in his back and pushes him
out as he gets turned allison reverses
the car into daniel and smashes his body
into a puddle of discarded flesh
on the other hand michael uses his
explosives in the tunnel and all the
sewers burst up around the city as
alison drives across the road zombies
start climbing from the manholes and so
do michael but as he staggers on the
road alison doesn't realize that it's
her boyfriend and accelerates the car to
hit him dead but just as realization
strikes her she loses her control as
well and crashes the car into a tree
with such gruesome deaths the movie
finally comes to an end
drop a comment below letting me know how
you found the video make sure to like
subscribe and ring the notification bell
thanks for watching guys